Explain how to add a new model (#530)
braindecode/braindecode: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Make a contribution

### Find an open issue

First, you can look at the open issues under https://github.com/braindecode/braindecode/issues and find one that
interests you.
There are now tags showing basic/intermediate/advanced tasks, also a tag for the Braindecode sprint 2021, here you see
the open issues for that:
https://github.com/braindecode/braindecode/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Asprint.
Make sure to comment that you try to work on that issue so that other people know about it and also assign it to
yourself (right side on the issue page).

### Activate Conda Braindecode Environment

Don't forget to activate your conda environment that you installed braindecode in!

```
conda activate braindecode
``` 

### Create a local branch for your contribution

To ensure you are up to date with the upstream master, in your local repository,
run:

```
git checkout master
git pull upstream master
```

Pick a local branch-name and within your local repository, run:

```
git checkout -b <branch-name>
```

### Write Code

Now you can start writing the code to address the issue.
Make sure to properly document and test your code.

> ### Adding Your model into the Braindecode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding Your model into Braindecode
```

Don't think there should be a "the" here

Now you can start writing the code to address the issue.
Make sure to properly document and test your code.

#### Add a model

> Braindecode models are all written in pytorch. They should all inherit from `braindecode.models.base.EEGModuleMixin`.
> You can use the following template to write a new model:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The models present in braindecode are PyTorch models. To standardize inputs, variables, and documentation, all models inherit from the EEGModuleMixin class. With this class, we take care to standardize variables and ensure that your model can run within our EEGClassifier or EEGRegressor.

Let's demonstrate how to implement a model for braindecode. Suppose we want to add a model called MyNewModel.
```
